![](images\image1.png)

**What is a Proof of Technology?**

Proof of Technology sessions are complimentary classes to build
understanding of IBM technology and software with practical
presentations and hands-on lab exercises. The following are the varies
areas depending on your interest.

[**IBM Cloud Pak for Integration**](cp4i-labs/index.md)  

Discover how the IBM Cloud Pak for Integration provides appropriate
organizational models and governance practices to support agile
integration, simplify the management of your integration architecture
and reduce cost. Running on Red Hat OpenShift, the Cloud Pak for
Integration gives businesses complete choice and agility to deploy
workloads on premises and on private and public clouds.

[//]: # [**IBM App Connect Enterprise**](ACE-PoT-labs/index.md)
[**IBM App Connect Enterprise**] *Comming Soon new ACE Toolkit standalone labs*.

IBM App Connect Enterprise offers exciting possibilities for the use of
industry-proven Enterprise Service Bus patterns. For years,
organizations have deployed application-to-application messaging
patterns, resulting in significant improvements to reliability and
performance. With IBM App Connect Enterprise v11, you can use the
methods and techniques developed for application-to-application
communication to bring those same benefits to your environment.

IBM App Connect Enterprise allows you to focus on your core business. It
allows you to add new services faster and to change existing services
with minimal impact to existing applications. Therefore, this
Integration Bus provides a communications architecture supporting
software applications that:

[//]: # [**IBM MQ**](https://pages.github.ibm.com/cloudintegration/PoT-messaging/index.html){:target="_blank"}
[**IBM MQ Labs coming soon**] 
IBM MQ is the world's leading messaging technology.

Provides quick, secure, and reliable messaging, from mainframe to
mobile, in a single robust messaging backbone. Connects virtually any
commercial IT system, with support for more than 80 platforms.
